Vaccine Notifier
This software uses any GMAIL account provided by the user to send email notifications whenever a vaccination slot becomes available. It will keep searching for free slots based on the pincodes provided and the age of person until the software is stopped.

Pre-Requisites:
1)This software can only be run on windows, mac or linux OS(64 bit systems). Android/iOS not supported.
2)WARNING!! ONLY USE AN EMAIL ID WHICH YOU "DO NOT FREQUENTLY USE" FOR SENDING THE VACCINE EMAIL NOTIFICATIONS.
3)Go to "https://myaccount.google.com/lesssecureapps" and set "Allow less secure apps" setting to "ON". You may be asked to login if you are not already logged in.
Note: After you have got your vaccination slot or no longer have any use of this software, revert the above setting without fail.

Steps for running the vaccine notifier:
1)Download and Unzip "Linux Users.zip" file.
2)Open the file "vaccine_notifier.properties" in any text reading software like gedit and add following info-
	a)The emailID/password from which the notification email is to be sent (only gmail allowed)
	b)Age of person for whom vaccination is required
	b)All recipient email IDs(any email ids allowed)
	c)List of pincodes in which you need to search for vaccination slots
	d)Do not change anything else in the file
	e)Save the file
3)Open the application 'Terminal' and navigate into the folder you have extracted using 'cd' command. Please check online on how to navigate folders in terminal.
4)Run the command "chmod +x vaccine_notifier-linux" and then run another command "chmod +x stop_vaccine_notifier".
5)Next run the command "./vaccine_notifier-linux" which will start the software and wait.
6)Whenever a slot is available, all email recipients will receive info on which hospital is available

Steps for stopping vaccine notifier:
1)run the command "./stop_vaccine_notifier" in the same folder in Terminal.

WARNING: 
1) Do not add more than 15-20 pincodes at the same time. Sometimes, the cowin website will block you temporarily.

Note:
1)If you need to change pincodes or any details after you have already run the software, you will need to stop the software,add the details to "vaccine_notifier.properties" and run the software again.